hey guys how's it going and today I
think I'm gonna do a little equipment
update and show you guys my quips keep
in mind they're not that good but yeah
okay so we will start with this hat
which is seventeen percent inch and it's
anvil to whatever hat this is it's a
chaos zakum and then we have this badge
which is poop because I don't do
anything with it I kind of just have it
and this book which I needed upgrade and
I have this metal or I do have this but
like I don't know sometimes it says this
gives more like it does right now but
also sometimes it says that this metal
gives more so that kind of confuses me
but I guess I'll wear that one because
that one gets more now and then I got my
nose branch which is about five percent
int I think yeah and I got this which is
poop but it was free so you know free
stuff is good I have my Nova cape which
I only cube to six percent and i'll
probably cube more later because i have
no an ex right now and as you can see i
am almost broke well i am broke I have
my overall which is nine percent int and
well 17 magic attack nine percent in
fifteen percent MP I really like the max
MP because I don't know I just like
having a lot of MP I have this glove
which is eight percent in i believe and
i got my nova shoe which I just cubed
epic recently but ran out of cubes so I
couldn't get any stats on it but you
know max MP yeah yeah I like
MP okay and this belt which I just
bought and it is fifteen percent int
with three magic attack sadly though I
ran out of I can't buy any more innocent
scrolls because I was trying to chaos
some of my equipment and you know stuff
but i'll probably try to clean slate
this and chaos some more you know yeah i
got this pendant which is like ten
percent int i am i'm pretty sure i'm
going to be replacing this pendant i
don't know i just don't really like it
and i got evil ring three level 10 this
ring which i got from the event this
ring which i still need to replace this
ring which i'm keeping because i can
cube it either this or the pentacle ring
I have this which I will also be
replacing this rod it's not that good
but you know it works I've got a i'm
having like oh this is 18 1990s nineteen
percent int earring and then i have this
twelve percent third percent in the
shoulder and i'm also trying to scroll
this heart but it's not going well yeah
it's not it's not going well i failed so
much with this so many innocent scrolls
were used okay ah yeah that's about it
and I guess I should show you my range
and damage and all that so just let me
put this stuff on
yeah panda hat okay my clean range is
like 71 k and now I'll just buff up
q hang on i just gotta load the darkish
endo thing and then
loading the orb fun fun
almost done it just has to reach 30 so i
can get the buff affect the well the
full buff effect there we go how many
orbs do i have to i need to be okay i
have three now and my buffed range is
105 k hang on yeah now this one adds
more okay 105 k that's that's my clean
rate I'm not likely and rain to my buff
range I just can't talk to they can I
and I hit about 500 to 600 yeah yeah
around there yeah ok so i guess that
will be it for this video and i will see
you guys next time